I really want to do what’s right,
But there’s a war inside my mind—
Doubting if I measure up,
Wond’ring if I do enough.
I lie awake and pray to you,
Because you told me that’s what I should do.
When anxious thoughts surround me,
Jehovah, Father, you tell me
To safeguard my heart
and safeguard my mind,
Stay focused on good things in life.
I won’t give in to what gets me down.
I’ll safeguard my mind,
and peace will be found.
I really long to do your will,
But I get tired from how I feel,
Thinking life is just too tough
And I don’t deserve your love.
But I get up and out the door
And share my hope for the future in store.
I won’t let sadness drown me.
Jehovah, Father, you ground me.
I’ll safeguard my heart
and safeguard my mind,
Stay focused on good things in life.
I won’t give in to what gets me down.
I’ll safeguard my mind,
and peace will be found.
Peace will be found.
I won’t give up
pushing away
Harmful thoughts
that come through the day.
No need to stress
and no need to doubt—
Jehovah, I’m glad you gave me a way out.
You gave me a way out.
I’ll safeguard my heart
and safeguard my mind,
Stay focused on good things in life.
I won’t give in to what gets me down.
I’ll safeguard my mind,
and peace will be found.